
date -- interactive date and time setting program (EXTERNAL) [v1.2]
        Written by Jeff Ding

syntax:  date [-p] {[-s] [-d] [-t]} [-f<pathname>]

ex:      date
         date -p
         date -s -t
         date -s -t -f"%time.stamp"

'Date' is a program to set the date and time of your computer if you do
not have a clock built in to your computer.  This program will not change
the date on your clock but only change the bytes in ProDOS. This program
was designed to be included in the %autoexec file.  For example, add the
following line to your file: "date -s."  See below for the explanation of
the -s option. 

With no options, 'date' will print the current date and time and ask for
the new date and the new time.  The format for the date is DD-MMM-YY. The
format for the time is HH:MM in 24 hour format.  If the date or time is
entered incorrectly, or you just press return when prompted, 'date' will not
change the current values.  Options are as follows: 

    -p: print only --  When this option is used, 'date' will only print
        the date and time currently on the system.

    -s: set date/time only if not already set --  This option will only
        prompt you to set the date and time if the date and time have not
        already been set.  This option is useful in the %autoexec startup
        file.  You will be prompted once on bootup to set the date and time.
        When you re-enter Davex after quitting from an application, 'date'
        will not ask you to change the date since you already set it on
        bootup.
 
        -d: date --  Use this option in conjunction with the -s option.
            This will force the program to always set the date even if the
            date has already been set.  Time setting remains the same as
            with the -s option.
   
        -t: time --  Use this option in conjunction with the -s option.
            This will force the program to always set the time even if the
            time has already been set.  Date setting remains the same as
            with the -s option.

    -f: get date/time stamp from file --  This option will set your system's
        date and time equal to the last modification date and time field
        from the file given after the option.  This option is only effective
        when the date and time is not set.  Use this option in your autoexec
        file to set the your system time on bootup.  Example autoexec file:

            date -s -t -f"%time.stamp"
            touch %time.stamp

        The first line will grab the time from the file "time.stamp" in the
        Davex directory when first booting up the computer.  Every time you
        rerun Davex after exiting from a sys program, you will be prompted
        to change only the time.  The second line keeps the date current
        on the file "time.stamp" so it reads in the most current date when
        you reboot the computer.

Notes:  If the -p option is included along with the -s option, 'date' will
        ignore the -s option and only print the date and time.

        When you use the -t option and the newly entered hour is less
        than the current hour, 'date' version 1.2 will increment the
        date by one day, changing the month and year if necessary.     
       
        The command 'date -s -d -t' performs the same functions as the
        command 'date' with no options.
